Thank you so much!
This is from the movie Star the Bee, Nicole S. Derfin.
Thank you.
Leah, why don't you sit in here?
Hello.
This is the Barbara Bed-Banks thing for you, Stona, your Vasily.
Thank you, that was thee.
Bye, bruh!
Hello!
We will now be playing for you, Ston Agio Vasili.
And next time please don't call shut up.
What?
Hi, and welcome to the Piano Corner.
I am your host, Beth, Nicole Steffin.
And I'm gonna play you four songs.
That's right, four songs.
This is W... ...NFB, which means...
Wish Nicole Salabazes a happy holiday.
Thank you.
Our first song is Alouette.
Sung by the Beach Boys.
Thank you, the Beach Boys.
And now it's time for some cops and robbering.
It's very mysterious.
And it was sung by the Rolling Stones.
With their guest star, Miss Barbara Babsbane.
Nicole, is there all the scammable things there?
I'm not talking.
.
Thank you, the Rolling Stones, and the guest star, Miss Barbara Basmanes.
And now, if you'll excuse me, we're going to play another thing for you.
And I hope you, and it's a very Mexican, and there are two Mexican songs that you might enjoy, and it's
It's called... Sorry, that was just the Rolling Stones playing with the thing.
Can you stop?
Well, this one is called Angry Alligator Stung by the Cricket.
With their guest star, Joe, Barbara Babby, the loveliest star in town.
Well, maybe Apollo Duel, but from the past 90s, first.
In the 70s.
What do you know in the 70s?
.
You are listening to the crickets.
You are listening to the crickets on WNSB.
Oldies, NSB Boston, which is a code.
Oldies, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one
107!
Boston!
Thank you, the crickets, and the guest, love, and the lovely guest star, Barbara Bassett.
Now let's check on the weather.
Bob?
Well, it's a little bit cloudy tomorrow on Saturday, and on Sunday it'll be much wonderful.
And next week it's kind of rainy and it's snowy somewhere in New Jersey.
All right, now let's get back to the songs.
Thank you, Bob.
Now for a commercial break.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
So, lizer, advisor, lizer.
There's new Winch TV for just $9.95.
Oh, now.
And now, ladies and gentlemen.
and the greatest hits of all time, and WNFB, Oldies 107, Boston.
Now it's time to play Mexican Fiesta by the Beatles.
It's called Mexican Fiesta.
I think.
Sorry.
Yeah, that was just my sister.
She was just watching.
That was Barbara.
The lovely singer of the seventies.
.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, Nicole, you're listening to the greatest hits of all time.
Ten in a row.
Ten in a row on WNFB.
Oldies 107.
Now let's go back to Nicole just to get some more songs.
Thank you, my friend.
He's really, um, my friend, Dick.
Um, now you might, now we got some, two more songs for you that you might enjoy.
And it is, they are called, um,
Actually, there are three more songs that you might enjoy, and they're called, and this one is called Bill Goat by the Supreme.
Just let me get a minute here because they are very flexible.
.
Thank you, The Supremes.
And now it's time for Midnight Blues.
sung by the king of rock and roll, Elvis Presley.
.
Thank you, Elvis Presley.
Now it's time for this last song, a conclusion of our radio station for today.
It's called First Etude.
Etude is a French word meaning study or exercise, and it's sung by Barbara Bazin.
Herself.
They heard that.
No, don't do it.
.
That was WNFB from Boston's Oldie Station on WNFB Oldies 107 Boston.
Thank you and to all a good day and a good night and have happy holidays.
Hello, this is Barbara Basdains from 104.9 WBGB Boston.
Today... Today, we shall be playing for you Moonlight Mist from today's... Belle-Babe DuBall.
Should we close?
.
Thank you.
That song just was shooting the rapids.
Now we will be playing for you Marianne and then Lavender's Blue.
... ...
the the the
Ah!
That was the Americans, the Marines, and we are sorry for the laughter that has been aroused.
Next we shall play Kumbaya, and then McDonald Rocks.
Come here.
.
That was the tarantula.
No, it would be... Tarantella.
Sally.
Excuse us.
Now I'll play all Susanna for you in the key of A.
Thank you.
That was all, Susanna.
And now I will play for you one thing in a minute after these messages.
This is electronic games.
.
Try and guess this one.
Thank you.
.
Did you guess that one?
Call in right now at 839-9257 and see if you got the answer.
Hello.
Yes, it was coming on the mound.
Thank you.
Now that will be all for today, let's have one last song for you.
.
Thank you.
¶¶
Thank you, that was done by Anonymous.
That was done by Anonymous.
And that song has not been given a name yet, but I think we'll call it Thunder in the Raindrops.
Thank you and thank you.
Okay.
That was nice.
Wonderful.
Okay, Barbara, you go.
I'm waiting for you.
Thank you!